internal/mjpeg/README.md, before:

## Stream as ASCII to Terminal

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sHj_3h_sX7M/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHj_3h_sX7M)

**Tips**

- this feature works only with MJPEG codec (use transcoding)
- choose a low frame rate (FPS)
- choose the width and height to fit in your terminal
- different terminals support different numbers of colours (8, 256, rgb)
- escape text param with urlencode
- you can stream any camera or file from a disc

**go2rtc.yaml** - transcoding to MJPEG, terminal size - 210x59 (16/9), fps - 10

```yaml
streams:
  gamazda: ffmpeg:gamazda.mp4#video=mjpeg#hardware#width=210#height=59#raw=-r 10
```

**API params**

- `color` - foreground color, values: empty, `8`, `256`, `rgb`, [SGR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
  - example: `30` (black), `37` (white), `38;5;226` (yellow)
- `back` - background color, values: empty, `8`, `256`, `rgb`, [SGR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
  - example: `40` (black), `47` (white), `48;5;226` (yellow)
- `text` - character set, values: empty, one char, `block`, list of chars (in order of brightness)
  - example: `%20` (space), `block` (keyword for block elements), `ox` (two chars)

**Examples**

```bash
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&color=256"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&back=256&text=%20"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&back=8&text=%20%20"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&text=helloworld"
```

Commit message:

Added customizable output dimensions for ASCII art

internal/mjpeg/README.md, after:

## Stream as ASCII to Terminal

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sHj_3h_sX7M/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHj_3h_sX7M)

**Tips**

- this feature works only with MJPEG codec (use transcoding)
- choose a low frame rate (FPS)
- choose the width and height to fit in your terminal
- different terminals support different numbers of colours (8, 256, rgb)
- escape text param with urlencode
- you can stream any camera or file from a disc

**go2rtc.yaml** - transcoding to MJPEG, terminal size - 210x59 (16/9), fps - 10

```yaml
streams:
  gamazda: ffmpeg:gamazda.mp4#video=mjpeg#hardware#width=210#height=59#raw=-r 10
```

**API params**

- `color` - foreground color, values: empty, `8`, `256`, `rgb`, [SGR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
  - example: `30` (black), `37` (white), `38;5;226` (yellow)
- `back` - background color, values: empty, `8`, `256`, `rgb`, [SGR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
  - example: `40` (black), `47` (white), `48;5;226` (yellow)
- `text` - character set, values: empty, one char, `block`, list of chars (in order of brightness)
  - example: `%20` (space), `block` (keyword for block elements), `ox` (two chars)
- `width` - the width of the output in characters, value: any positive integer
  - example: `100`
- `height` - the height of the output in characters, value: any positive integer
  - example: `40`

**Examples**

```bash
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&color=256"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&back=256&text=%20"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&back=8&text=%20%20"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&text=helloworld"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&width=100&height=40"
% curl "http://192.168.1.123:1984/api/stream.ascii?src=gamazda&color=256&width=80&height=20"
```
